Hello and welcome to a new EASYdigitals.com
video tutorial.
Remember you can get all of our high quality
Photoshop and Photoshop Elements templates
and EASYdigitals.com.
Just click on the products button and don't
forget to sign up for our monthly newsletter.
We give away free templates and tutorials
each and every month along with product update
info and coupons.
Ok Kim what easy tutorial are you going to
show us today?
Today I want to show you how to resize a 8
by 10 template.
Many of our templates come in a 8 by 10 and
sometimes it's nice to be able to change it
to a 5 by 7 or 4 by 6.
Some of our magazine covers make nice invitations
for parties.
The one we are going to be working with today
is the cheerleading template.
You can purchase that template at EASYdigitals.com
and it is magazine covers, volume 2.
Go to magazine covers, volume 2.
Let's get started on our resizing.
I have the template up, the cheerleading template.
The first thing we want to do is click on
move tool and we are going to make sure that
auto select layers is on and show transform
controls.
Now I have my history and my layers up.
The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going
to come to image, image size and if I wanted
this to be for internet I would change this
to 72.
Most internet images are 72.
So it would look like it was an 8 by 10 72.
If I wanted it to be smaller for the internet,
I would just change it to 8 or 7 and as long
as I have constrain proportions check marked
it's going to resize it and keep the aspect
ratio.
But for right now we are going to change this
back to 300 and we do want this to be a 5
by 7 so we are going to keep the height at
7, the width for right now keep at 5.6, it's
a little bit too wide but we're going to work
on that next.
So I'm going to go ahead and click ok.
And I'm going to get my zoom tool and zoom
this in a little bit.
Now we know the height is 7 and the width
is 5.6 so we need to get this down to 5, so
we are going to come over to here to width
and we are going to put in 5 I-N and for height
we are going to put in 7 I-N.
We are going to leave resolution blank so
that it won't change that.
I'm going to come up here to my corner and
I'm just going to drag down and it's going
to show the marching ants and I'm not going
to press enter I'm just going to drag a guide
out to that spot, then right click and press
cancel.
So now I have my guide so I know that I want
all this information to be scooted over here
and made smaller so that it shows up.
I'm going to go ahead click on my move tool.
Make this window a little bit bigger and I'm
just going to come up to this corner and going
to drag over everything so that everything
is highlighted and I'm going to come to my
zoom.
I'm going to press alt and that changes the
zoom to a minus and then I'm coming back to
my move tool so that I can see everything
here and grab this little corner and I press
shift to keep the aspect ratio and I'm zooming
it in so that all of the important layers
will be inside this guide here.
And then I'm going to press enter.
Now I'm going to zoom back in.
Now my crop is still set to 5 by 7 so now
I come in and I press enter.
Some of this information just needs to be
scooted around so that it looks right.
These layers on the bottom here just need
to scoot down so I'm going to again drag over
them to highlight them all and I'm just going
to arrow them down.
Now you can modify this and just scoot things
around until they look right.
That's it!
So now let's say that I wanted this for the
internet, before you press save or anything
the first thing you want to do is save a copy
so I just click save as and I'm going to change
this to 5 by 7 so that I have it saved as
a 5 by 7.
Delete this.
And I press save.
It asks me if I want to maximize my compatibility
and I'll say yes.
There it is, 5 by 7.
It works the exact same way for 4 by 6.
You are going to take a little bit more off
the edge and you are going to put 4 by 6 in
the boxes but it's the same thing.
Let's go ahead and change this just so you
can see for internet.
I'm going to change this to 72 and I'm going
to press ok.
Now it looks like it got really small but
if I come up here to view and I click print
size then you'll see that this is what it
would look like on the internet.
Then you can go ahead and drag your picture
in, resize.
We have other tutorials that show you how
to do that.
So I hope this helped you if you need to change
any of these templates they made really awesome
invitations for parties so you can have a
lot of fun with it.
Thanks a lot!
Hey that was easy.
Thanks for watching.
If you have any questions about this tutorial
or any of our products you can always reach
us at EASYdigitals.com Have a creative day!